README.md, before:

# cccards

Generates *Cards Against Humanity* style playing cards. Adjustable DPI and renders with Chrome allowing SVG and custom layout rendering.

## Examples
![Card back](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/black000.png)
![Black card](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/black014.png)
![Black card with pick and draw](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/black084.png)
![White card with description](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/white272.png)
![White card with pre description](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/white149.png)
![White card svg name](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/white240.png)

## Features
- Card data is inserted directly into rendered HTML, so anything that can be rendered in Chrome can be rendered on the card.
- Automatically generates pick/draw marks based on number of substitutions on card.
- Adjustable DPI for PNG output. Can also output HTML.
- Reads card data in JSON and XLSX formats.

## Installing
Requires NodeJS 10+
> npm install cccards

## Usage

### Just generate cards with default settings
> cccards cards.json output/

### Generate 900DPI cards from xlsx
> cccards --dpi 900 --title 'DevOps Against Humanity' cards.xlsx output/

### Generate HTML only
> cccards --no-png --html cards.json output/

### Help
> cccards --help

## Card Data

### Blanks
In the `name` field of the card data, a `_` character will be interpreted as a blank line. By default, it will occupy an entire line of the card, along with any text immediately proceeding or following the `_`.

This should suffice for most basic formatting. If you want to pull in text seperated by a space, the easiest way is to use a non-breaking whitespace character (anything pulled into the blank line won't have line breaks anyway). Ex: `Foo&nbsp;_.` will render similar to `Foo _______.` on its own line.

See the 'Given, when, then' card in [cards.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/cards.json) for an example.

#### Manual blanks
Instead of using `_`, you can simply write the generated HTML yourself:

`<div class="underline"><span class="underline">&nbsp;</span></div>`

Anything in the `div` will be on its own line, and anything in the `span` will be underlined. Make sure at least one `&nbsp;` is in the underline span or it won't render an underline at all.

You should also remember to manually specify picks and draws as the autogenerated indicators generate based on `_` chars.

See [cards.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/cards.json) for an example.

Additionally, if you want to manually control the length of the underline, add `manual` to the `span` class and add the number of `&nbsp;` chars for the length desired.

#### Manual Pick & Draw
You may specify `pick` and `draw` counts in the `xlsx`/`json` card data, and it will use those instead of calculating based on `_` char. Useful when manually specifying blanks or when no blanks are present (`Make a Haiku` style CAH cards).

### Examples

[cards.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/cards.json)

[cards.xlsx](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/cards.xlsx)

## Licensing
Code is MIT License

Generated cards are `Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0` according to CAH:

> "Cards Against Humanity is available under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license. That means you can use and remix the game for free, but you can’t sell it. Please do not steal our name or we will smash you."

Commit message:

Update README with note on fonts Resize example images

README.md, after:

# cccards

Generates *Cards Against Humanity* style playing cards. Adjustable DPI and renders with Chrome allowing SVG and custom layout rendering.

## Examples
![Card back](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/black000.png)
![Black card](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/black014.png)
![Black card with pick and draw](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/black084.png)
![White card with description](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/white272.png)
![White card with pre description](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/white149.png)
![White card svg name](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/images/white240.png)

## Features
- Card data is inserted directly into rendered HTML, so anything that can be rendered in Chrome can be rendered on the card.
- Automatically generates pick/draw marks based on number of substitutions on card.
- Adjustable DPI for PNG output. Can also output HTML.
- Reads card data in JSON and XLSX formats.

## Installing
Requires NodeJS 10+
> npm install cccards

## Usage

### Just generate cards with default settings
> cccards cards.json output/

### Generate 900DPI cards from xlsx
> cccards --dpi 900 --title 'DevOps Against Humanity' cards.xlsx output/

### Generate HTML only
> cccards --no-png --html cards.json output/

### Help
> cccards --help

## Fonts
CAH is rendered using `Helvetica Neue`, which is a commercial font that cannot be distributed by this project. Cards should also render fine with other sans-serif fonts, but if you want to have authentic looking cards, you will need to obtain `Helvetica Neue` and have it accessible to Chrome.

## Card Data

### Blanks
In the `name` field of the card data, a `_` character will be interpreted as a blank line. By default, it will occupy an entire line of the card, along with any text immediately proceeding or following the `_`.

This should suffice for most basic formatting. If you want to pull in text seperated by a space, the easiest way is to use a non-breaking whitespace character (anything pulled into the blank line won't have line breaks anyway). Ex: `Foo&nbsp;_.` will render similar to `Foo _______.` on its own line.

See the 'Given, when, then' card in [cards.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/cards.json) for an example.

#### Manual blanks
Instead of using `_`, you can simply write the generated HTML yourself:

`<div class="underline"><span class="underline">&nbsp;</span></div>`

Anything in the `div` will be on its own line, and anything in the `span` will be underlined. Make sure at least one `&nbsp;` is in the underline span or it won't render an underline at all.

You should also remember to manually specify picks and draws as the autogenerated indicators generate based on `_` chars.

See [cards.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/cards.json) for an example.

Additionally, if you want to manually control the length of the underline, add `manual` to the `span` class and add the number of `&nbsp;` chars for the length desired.

#### Manual Pick & Draw
You may specify `pick` and `draw` counts in the `xlsx`/`json` card data, and it will use those instead of calculating based on `_` char. Useful when manually specifying blanks or when no blanks are present (`Make a Haiku` style CAH cards).

### Examples

[cards.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/cards.json)

[cards.xlsx](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaylynb/cccards/master/example/cards.xlsx)

## Licensing
Code is MIT License

Generated cards are `Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0` according to CAH:

> "Cards Against Humanity is available under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license. That means you can use and remix the game for free, but you can’t sell it. Please do not steal our name or we will smash you."
